Finetuning (#13)
Lukuas31415/BA: README.md

> # Bayesian Optimizaiton for a cuboid muscle model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Bayesian Optimization for a cuboid muscle model
```

## Setup
- A dummy cuboid muscle geometry. 

> - The solvers for both stretching and contraction are coupled mechanics solver and fastmonodomain solver. In the prestretch process we set dynamic to False and add boundary conditions that simulate the muscle being fixed at one side and being pulled at from the other side. In the contraction process we set dynamic to True and don't add any boundary conditions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The solvers for both stretching and contraction are coupled mechanics solver and fastmonodomain solver. In the prestretch process we set dynamic to `False` and add boundary conditions that simulate the muscle being fixed at one side and being pulled at from the other side. In the contraction process we set dynamic to `True` and let the ends of the muscle free. 
```

> - It uses the CellML model "hodgkin_huxley-razumova".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It uses the electrophysiology CellML model "hodgkin_huxley-razumova" and the incompressible mechanics model "Mooney-Rivlin".
```

```
./incompressible_mooney_rivlin_prestretch_only ../prestretch_tensile_test.py incompressible_mooney_rivlin_prestretch_only 10.0
```
### Running an optimization loop

To run an optimization process with Bayesian Optimization, choose the BO model you want to use, go to cuboid_muscle and run:
```
python BayesOpt.py matern 0.5 const fixed_noise es stopping_xy
```
To evaluate a Bayesian Optimization model by averaging the results over multiple iterations, go to cuboid_muscle and run:
```
python Evaluate_BayesOpt_model.py matern 0.5 const fixed_noise es stopping_xy
```
To run an optimization process with Bayesian Optimization to optimize a test function, choose the BO model you want to use, go to cuboid_muscle and run:
```
python BayesOpt_test_functions.py matern 0.5 const fixed_noise es stopping_xy 1
```
More detailed instructions can be found inside the respective files.

> ## Dependendcies

Reviewer: Please move this section to the very top. Also include a link to the opendihu repository (or to the commit tag).

OpenDiHu: Version aadd55a4

Python: Python 3.10.12

> Others: botorch, torch, numpy, matplotlib, subprocess, sys, os, shlex, csv, time, signal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Required Python libraries: botorch, torch, numpy, matplotlib, subprocess, sys, os, shlex, csv, time, signal
```
